[Music]
this is an average because psy is the
director and since I was a small boy I
had dreamed that's I could win this and
now this has happened and I just want to
tell everyone that this is a farce that
I had all the obvious for Star Wars and
everything Michael Stipe looked on there
that was pretty great I'd give it
tomorrow so he he kept his composure he
just kind of said wow you know he
acknowledged it and he and he moved on
and he said I had the idea for Star Wars
and every and everything yeah literally
nothing to do with anything that was
going on there yeah he was great was he
like kind of the leader of the group if
there is one is either the four spine
the big photo I thought I was there I
feel like he was like for both of us
yeah I don't you know when you're kids
like if you're a year older it seems
like in adult years that's like ten
years older it was like that kind of
thing like he just was the older brother
first both and and we talked about it in
the book that he just somehow had this
capacity to know things and when Adam
and I are constantly like how does this
guy how does he know how does he know
how to like wire this and fix a
microphone and record drums and then
flip the the tape backwards and and and
make a great paella you guys I mean I'm
sure you hear from the people in hip-hop
all the time that you had a big
influence on them and I would also want
to mention that you had an influence on
someone who was not at all in hip-hop
and that person is me because when you
guys first came to be I you know
enjoying music and and
look our bandleader clean oh and I
started our own rap group okay and we
were called the J boys cuz we called him
jr. because he's a journeyer is me jr.
Jimmy and our other friend Jimmy
gentleman and we made an album and
everything and we even created a goal a
platinum record for our side this is
that's us the is actually a cassette or
wasn't even a needlepoint
oh no it's painted on a sweatshirt I
painted it and out of the paint I was
using for clay dough was a little darker
than it should have been but not that
many paints but boy I mean this has
gotta make you feel proud yeah so thank
you for that I mean it made us very
popular
this songs have all been destroyed soul
of what is the soul of soul love but
what it was you know it's a David Bowie
song so love is for the really good beat
at the beginning we didn't even know
that we weren't that cool we don't know
any of that stuff
I think we're listening to a Whitney
Houston song and came up with her right
a good stuff yeah yeah that's what
happened to us well it's great to have
you guys here
well are you gonna do this show anymore
is that it is it are you doing any more
live shows you got to do it for 2019 do
it because it should be
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos